Cleanup unused JSX code (#11741)
withastro/astro: .changeset/many-garlics-lick.md

---
'astro': major
---

> Removes internal JSX handling as they are now handled by `@astrojs/mdx` directly. The below exports are also now removed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes internal JSX handling and moves the responsibility to the `@astrojs/mdx` package directly. The following exports are also now removed:
```

- `astro/jsx/babel.js`
- `astro/jsx/component.js`
- `astro/jsx/index.js`
- `astro/jsx/renderer.js`
- `astro/jsx/server.js`
- `astro/jsx/transform-options.js`

> Make sure to upgrade `@astrojs/mdx` to latest so that it doesn't rely on these entrypoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project includes `.mdx` files, you must upgrade `@astrojs/mdx` to the latest version so that it doesn't rely on these entrypoints to handle your JSX.
```
